We met at St. Fagans.
Yeah.
A few weeks ago now, isn't it?
A few weeks ago.
It was a lovely sunny day.
And it would be great if you could tell me again
about which objects were significant to you.
Yeah.
Yeah, so what would you like to tell us about?
Yeah, you know last time I discussed the,
it's a wood mirror and I saw a lot of things like
bad light, iron, coil, iron, and pocket bag and everything.
And a little bit explain about these things
because when I saw these things and my back,
childhood memories, remembers once again
and when I saw these things, I feel very happy.
And my faced expression is totally changed.
And I'm feeling relaxed and comfortable.
And like these things, when I saw, I feel it's my own home.
Yeah.
So with the mirror, you told us a bit about the mirror.
Is there anything else you'd like to tell us about the mirror?
Let's start with the mirror.
Is there, for example, a particular event
or something that happened with the mirror?
You were talking about how you used to study in front of the mirror,
sing and talk in front of the mirror.
Is there anything, any other memories of being in front of the mirror
that you want to share with us?
Yeah, most of the time I'm talking with mirror
and I'm standing in front of mirror.
A lot of when I'm feeling sad and sometimes I am crying in front of mirror.
And a lot of crying and then I'm feel,
and talk myself in front of mirror.
And I feel happy and relaxed and give it my all.
No, you calm down. Yeah.
So it was a way for you to kind of calm yourself down?
Yeah, calm down. And most of the time I'm talking with mirror.
What kind of things would you talk about?
Like myself, like when my negative thoughts come in my mind
and then I'm told everything in front of mirror.
And then it's cool. Yeah.
Because mirror is my best friend, in another words.
Yeah, that's really lovely.
Could you tell us anything else about the mirror?
Is there anything else you'd like to add?
Maybe about how it made you feel?
Nothing, nothing.
You know, always my mom worried about mirror
because I'm a lot of uses and my mom,
no, no, no, no, please, maybe it's broken
and then because it's my mom's wedding gift.
Yeah, anything more.
Was it common to give a mirror as a wedding gift?
Yeah, yeah, because this mirror, like my mom wedding,
give my grandpa, is a home, handmade.
Yeah, is a wooden, is a very different another mirror.
Yeah.
So why is it different?
Like another mirror is a simple and everything.
It is a simple wood and then is like a small drawers
and open and some beauty like jewelry, jewelry put in the box
and everything is a totally different
because now these traditions and yeah.
But now this time is a very like a different style,
but like a past and like not same mirror.
So the one in St. Pagan's, it looked the same or it looked different?
Same, same, yeah.
You know, when I'm sorry and then when I first like look this mirror
and just to go back my home, like, oh, it's my mirror.
Yeah, it's a very nice memory and I feel very happy.
Yeah, I do.
Yeah, sometimes I do makeup in front of mirror
and then sometimes I make a TikTok videos in front of mirror
and then nothing.
Yeah.
What did you enjoy about doing makeup in front of the mirror and TikToks?
What was fun about that?
Yeah, like I easily handle the mirror because it's a small and not too much big
and then I do makeup and I feel happy.
Yeah.
Nothing more.
So what other objects did you have on your list?
Yeah, it's a first-rate bed.
A bed?
Yeah, like same in a Pakistani bed.
It especially is like a head design is totally similar in a Pakistani traditions bed.
So it's an old house like a grandpa house is mostly used a bed in our world.
Like in our language is called a palanquin.
And now in this English word is bed mostly and same like now this is a use the mattress.
But in Pakistan is a traditional way uses a handmade mattress.
Not a mattress like a bed sheet like you know the handmade and...
Does it have a special name?
Yeah, in our Urdu language is a like in Urdu language is a nawaar.
Nawaar.
Talai.
Talai is in English language is a kind of bed sheet in our language is called a talai.
Nawaar is a base.
Yeah, a base of bed and then is a big head in the bed and you know that's a foot side is a big like a pole.
Yeah, it's a big is a two side is a big pole is a wood post.
Yeah, post is a two side and a big head in a bed and then in the like a base uses a nawaar in Urdu language.
Yeah.
So can you tell me more about the bed you saw in St. Fagans?
Why that was interesting for you?
Yeah, just one thing is different in our bed.
Basically, when I saw in St. Fagans bed is a wood base but in Pakistani bed is a handmade base like a quad like you said I'm saying is a nawaar.
Yeah, is a different but almost is the same same is a like a foot side and head side is same.
Can you describe again the structure?
Yeah, same like foot side is a two post side is a and then head side is a big.
Yeah, I saw is a two type is a single bed and double bed.
Yeah, you know double bed is a big big and then same same structure.
What does it remind you of?
First expression and my mind is on my grandpa bed and I say oh is on my grandpa bed.
Yeah, in my like a grandpa family is only one bed and no body any use especially child not use maybe is a this rise and anything and is a very special bed in our house.
Yeah.
So good sleep in.
Yeah, I like grandparents.
Grandparents?
Yeah, I have grandparents.
So only the elders would sleep, all the people would sleep in the bed.
But child not alone.
What did see what did the bed when you were younger in Pakistan when you saw the bed what did what did you think what did you feel did you want to sleep in the bed.
Yeah, many times when I'm going to the grandpapa or every like a cousin is a fighting no I am sleeping in this bed and no no no I am sleeping in this bed and every time is a cousin's fight.
Yeah.
So where you could you sleep in the bed.
Yeah, and sleeping.
And you know, it's a big big bad not a two person and three, four to five is easily sleeping.
Yeah, it's a same structure in the same Vegas.
So, can you tell me more about how the bed was used by family.
Like watching a movie, like in the sitting, especially in winter time.
Everybody sit in the bed and cover the like a quest and then watch the movies and eating something and enjoy because it's a big head and like relaxing sitting and then see the movie.
Yeah.
Can you tell me about one specific time when you did that together.
Yeah, especially is it 8pm nighttime.
Yeah.
Can you remember a specific time where you watched something what did you watch what did you eat and how did it make you feel.
Yeah, eight to nine.
Eight to nine is a fixed time where our families together and sitting and they enjoy the gossips and eating something.
Yeah.
What kinds of things would you watch.
Like a drama, a drama movies.
Yeah.
Can you remember any times or moments or memories where something happened something funny happened or something unexpected happened.
Maybe you were all sitting there on the bed and I don't know something happened.
Yeah, sometimes I always fight with my cousin because every always I'm getting late in going to the my grandpa house and I have no seat in the bed and I am always crying and fighting.
No, no, no, I am sitting in this bed.
But no, why do you give me the seat and then I'm always crying.
It's a funny moment.
Yeah.
Is there anything else you'd like to tell us about the bed.
Nothing.
Yeah.
Was there any other objects that you liked and enjoyed in St. Vagans.
Light and.
The lantern.
Yeah, lantern is a common and especially in like old people mostly using a light and because it's a load shedding is a big issue in Pakistan.
And so mostly people, every house use the light and in the home and I am always like a fear and scared by light and because they put the is a oil and then I'm always in a piece of fire and then I'm always scared.
Yeah.
And you know first time I'm using the light and is a you know is a glass use in the inner side inside and then when I put in the oil and my heart is shivering and is a very special light and is only one light and in our home because my
And it's a broken.
Like my hand is shivering and put down and it's a glass is broken and my mom is very short with me.
What is this?
And I'm sorry mom.
Because it's very special.
And this glass is not again repair because it's a specific glass.
Yeah.
Or when I saw the light and in our San Vegas.
Oh, it's my is a very like when the first click in my death this happening.
Oh, it's a broken in my head.
Yeah.
So it was really similar to similar is a similar totally similar not change.
What can you tell me a bit more about why it was feeling scary for you to like the yeah because it's a smell and it's a light is orange light I hate orange light, I don't like and when is a on the light and is a smelly.
I don't like this smell.
And I'm always is a what is this one.
Please don't on this one.
And but it's broken out and knows use.
Yeah.
So were you happy then when it broke didn't have to be used.
I'm so happy because I don't like the orange light and the smell is very, very different.
Yeah.
Can you tell me more about how the lantern would be used in the house.
Yes, and is my kitchen.
Mostly, and my mom made a foot and then as light is off load shedding is a big problem.
And then my mom, urgently on, and then use the kitchen for food and light and mostly in using Pakistan is like a
Every home.
Yeah.
Mostly uses a Jackson people.
Jackson people Jackson people's mostly using light and because I know excess the like is electricity, and then mostly using the light and in a village life is a lot of tips is travel.
Yeah, yeah.
But you're not having that background.
No, no, no, I have no, but it's common across.
Yeah.
Across communities.
Can you tell me last thing, a little bit more description.
I think it's a great story.
A little bit more about this time when it broke.
Can you tell me what happened, what you were doing, how it broke.
Yeah, because my mom is not this moment at home.
And then I, it's a light is off.
And I am more so darkness everything because I'm very scared and darkness.
It's an urgently I have no option any other.
And just I put it's a bottom is a is a leader.
I open the lid and put the oil.
And then is like my hand is totally shivering and when then just open the like a mirror and on the light and then is I like a pick the handle and it just my hand is shivering and then.
And then oh what happened and inner studies I'm so happy.
But my face expression is too much.
Oh my mom when he's coming and shouting and I don't know what happened next.
And then my mom is coming and I just keep silent.
My mom is what is this?
You don't turn on the light.
It's a very dark and you.
My mom I don't like this light and then when my mom turned on the mobile torch and then you see and then my mom is to me.
What is this?
No, no, no, sorry mom.
It's not my fault.
Yeah.
Can you tell me one last time why are the lanterns important in the family?
Because they're saving the electrical city's bill.
Yeah.
And because it's very cheap.
The source of an energy.
Yeah.
Do they how do you get the lantern?
Sometimes by and sometimes the gift to relatives.
Yeah.
Does the gift have any significance?
No, nothing.
It's not like the mirror.
The mirror is like.
Yeah mirror is.
It's not like that.
No, no, no.
It's not.
Yeah.
Anything else you want to tell us about the lantern?
That's a great story.
Lighten.
Our family is totally mostly using a lighten in a bus because my grandfather is a railway
station is officer.
So many times use the lighten and is a lot of my grand family is a lot of lighten.
Yeah.
But I have only one lighten and I'm a broken this and I'm so happy it's broken on my
mom is always when I remember mom please repair the lighten and you can use it.
No, you only one minute and you're broken and no I don't repair and you broke again.
Yeah.
It's still having my home in Pakistan.
So even though it's broken they still have it.
Yeah, it's broken but it's still have because it's my mom memories because my grandpa as
a gift give them my mother.
Yeah.
Many things I saw the San Vegas Museum and everything is related to the my memories is
a some memories is happy and some memories are bad but I'm really happy when once again
remember every my childhood's memory.
Yeah.
That's great.
How old were you when you broke the lantern?
I think so.
I am a nine year old.
Yeah.
I broke this.
So you remembered it.
Yeah, I remember I'm totally remembers I remember this place is like a mud house not like a
broken.
Yeah.
So what kind of house were you living in actually?
When I'm childhood is a is mud house not as a proper house but now I have the breathing
is okay.
Yeah.
You can later on you can tell us a bit more about.
Yeah, sure.
House if you like.
Is there anything else from your list from St. Fagans you want to tell?
Coil iron.
Sorry?
Oh the.
Coil iron.
Coal.
Yeah, coal.
The coal iron?
Yeah.
The iron.
Iron.
Yeah, iron.
It's a coil iron.
Okay.
It's our only one in our village.
Coil iron.
It's only my great love house.
Yeah, it's too much heavy one time when I'm saying, Oh, what is this?
It's an iron for pressing the clothes and everything.
And okay, it's a too heavy.
And then when I am the carry and it's laid on my foot and I'm crying and I'm very naughty
in childhood.
And then it's too heavy.
Yeah.
So you dropped it on your foot?
Yeah, I did drop it on my foot and I am crying and my mom is like, it's too much shorting
me.
What happened?
You know, it's not for you.
It's heavy.
Why are you putting this?
Mom, I know that just check is what is this?
Mom, you are blind.
It's like iron.
And why are you touching this?
Sorry, mom.
Yeah.
Why do you think you wanted to play with it?
Because I have really no idea this is iron because it's totally unique and I only first
time saw what is this?
I think so.
It's like a car.
It's a maybe it's a twice and then playing with.
Seriously, when I'm touching and it would be too much heavy and drop in my foot because
I'm tired.
It's a this happening.
I think so.
I'm studying in the seventh class.
What age?
Age.
I think so.
11, 12, like something.
Yeah.
So when you dropped it, what happened?
I'm learning is coming because it's too heavy and I'm too much crying and everybody around
me.
This is happening is my family gathering.
Yeah.
In a grandpa house, everybody's coming and you know, child is very naughty.
And then is happening and everyone intention me.
What happened?
Is I'm just crying and my mom just shouting.
Yeah.
And then I'm crying.
And so just is a bandage and then relax.
It wasn't broken?
No, no, no.
It's not broken.
I didn't because it's too heavy and so very strong.
And then your foot?
Yeah, just my foot.
Was your foot broken?
Yeah, it's a little bit and just is a nail.
Nail is thrown and just bleeding.
Yeah.
What was the family gathering?
I don't exactly remember.
I think so is maybe my first cousin birthday.
Yeah.
How many people were there?
Is all family members like my uncle's family's, auntie family's.
Everybody's coming.
So when you dropped it, you said everyone was running.
Oh, I'm shouting is a loudly and crying.
Oh, everyone is tension.
Oh, what happened?
And my mom is running.
And we just ran and every people in my mom shouting.
Yeah.
So when you think of that memory, how does it make you feel now?
You know, when I saw the same item in a San Fergus museum and I just said, no, no, no,
maybe once again, put it in my foot.
No, no, no.
And I just see, oh, this item.
Yeah.
It's a good memory because once again, back to my childhood and my grandpa.
My grandpa house and everybody's coming.
Yeah.
It's a good, good for me.
I'm asking before everything I saw is of everything is memory for my child.
I'm so happy.
Some people forget everything, but some things are some objects inside and just go back to
your childhood memory is very good.
Yeah.
Okay.
Anything else from St. Vagans?
Farmhouse.
Which farmhouse was it in the end?
Is it the small hut?
Small hut.
With the bricks, the stone, the stone hut?
Or which one is it?
It's a small, not small house, like it's a hunt type.
Oh, what, sorry?
It's a hunt.
It's a farmhouse.
Farmhouse.
Yeah.
Did you say hunting, hunt?
Hunt is a similars in Pakistan.
A hut.
Yeah, a hut.
And then it's a, in our village it's a mostly Japs is coming in our village and especially
in a, I think so December in the winter, winter popping gimmels and handmade of is a big hand
And one side is animals living and one side is people living in one place is a small kitchen,
small bedroom and another side is animals.
Yeah.
And the same structure I saw the St. Vagans.
And when I'm saying, oh, you saw Pakistan girls.
It's a Pakistan, like a Pakistani house.
It's very good.
So can you remember being in the house or anything that happened in the farmhouse?
And how did it, can you tell us a bit about maybe how it smelled?
It was smelly because I visit only first one time because my mom is a doctor and then she
is visiting different places and I am, please mom, I'm inside this house.
Okay.
When I'm going, I feel smelly because it's animals, one side is a people living and it's
a good food and everything is only one place.
Everyone was living with the animals in the farmhouse altogether.
Yeah, all together.
You said that was mostly the travelers who lived in the farmhouse?
Yeah, it's a gypsies.
Okay.
What kind of animals were in there?
Like a goat, goat shapes.
Yeah, goats.
Why did your mom have to go to the farm hut?
Basically, my mom is a health worker and gypsies come and have a baby and they just drop the
polio drops and injections.
Yeah.
So she's going there to give them some health care.
Yeah, yeah, health care and give them medicines and everything.
I like the historical things and find something new.
And just like too far side, this type is a house, it's different of our house.
And I convinced my mom, please next time you're going and please bring with me.
And okay, okay.
And my mom, no, no, no, you don't like this and it's a smelly house.
It's something like, and I'm, no, no, no, please mom.
Okay, mom.
And then I'm going and see everything and I'll take a lot of pictures.
And I talking to people and I asking how to live in this house.
And then people say, is our house like you love your house and I love this type house.
Yeah.
It's a very nice experience.
It's the same house is on same faegas and in our Pakistani house versus different in
Pakistani houses, people living in this house is empty.
Yeah.
And six bags is just empty.
Did you watch her give the medicine?
Yeah, like a painkiller and any vaccinations, you know, a drop, polio drops and everything
is.
Yeah.
And my mom said to give the record that everything's whose peoples are coming in this village,
how's the new people and everything is record and registered.
So yeah.
Anything else about the farmhouse?
Farmhouse.
Anything else?
No.
That's a really great story too.
I noticed one thing since Jepson's people is living in a farmhouse.
It's a very rich because they sell the milk, but yeah, in a near village and a lot of butter,
isn't called sheeps.
Yeah.
So they have the animals in there and they make things to sell.
Anything else from St. Fagans?
Yeah.
Pockets bag, handmade.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
So what is handmade?
Handmade is a common for Pakistan is embroidery like a handmade shawls and pillowcases cover
like is a kind of big bag like in our language is called a sanduk, sanduk cover or boxes
like wood boxes and cover and handmade.
Yeah.
And then table cover, table cover and these are bed sheets, handmade bed sheets.
It's a different style and a different embroidery.
And sometimes it's a pocket bags is mostly used in the old people, old lady in a, in
a side of class and it will save the money.
Yeah.
And the important things like a home keys put in the inside in the pocket.
Did anyone you know have on those?
No, I'm not using.
But did you, did a family member have them?
Yeah.
My family members mostly use my family's aunt.
My aunt is made a handmade pillowcases, bed sheets and box covers.
Yeah.
Did they have the pocket bags?
Your aunties or your grandma?
Grandma.
Grandma mostly uses.
But now I have my grandma in not like it's a passed away and but she was still used.
Yeah.
So can you tell me a bit about what it was like to see her use the pocket bag?
What did it make you think?
Because I'm a child baby.
I have no idea for what purpose uses this.
I'm always this pocket bag uses put in that wise and my grandma because I'm too much
child and not a work is a make is a five to six years and then I'm always like a like
like like a left to the when I'm left to the grandmama house and I carry the bag and my
home and I've been always putting the everything is a dirty thing like is a mud put in this
bag and break the leaf and put in this bag and my grandma always complain with my mom
your daughter is too much nice.
I'm always is a like a clean washing my bag and she's always bring the bag.
So you would play with it and you would put mud in it.
Yeah, because it's a very beautiful bag bag is a embroidered is and is a bag.
Yeah.
And in our language is called is a telly telly.
And this is a pocket bag in our language is called is a telly.
Yeah.
So she would use it.
What would she put in it?
Yeah.
Like is a is a bag and then is a safe thing.
What would she put in there?
Money keys, money keys and sometimes all the ladies come going to the went to the like
a shopping.
It is a important things put it inside.
So can you tell me one more time?
Yeah, I sometimes put put in the decide.
Yeah.
Sweets like in is a old lady mostly eat a bun.
I don't know in English versus but in is order to let me just call the bun is a sweet like
a sweet to use is already important this back and then.
And what did you say that would do what the bag was?
Is tell you.
So in the museum was it the pocket that was embroidered?
That's the one that reminded you.
Yeah, it's a two thing is a Smith is the thing is a pocket bag is a is called a telly.
All right.
In Pakistan, all ladies sometime I saw on my eyes like it's a big pocket bag.
I saw the museum, but it's a small in Pakistan and mostly is like a trouser belt is a then
pockets.
Yeah.
Which one did your grandma have?
Is a totally different because my grandmothers have no work like not doing and always sitting
in a bed and then just made up a lot of bags.
And then anybody is coming new and then she gave the as a gift.
Tella.
Yeah, tella.
So is the one that she had small in the shirt or is it a big one that she had?
It's a big one is a short.
Both of uses is a big range shorts.
Big one.
Yeah, big one is telling me is attached to the grease.
So your grandma had both.
Yeah.
And when you saw the pocket, it reminded you of both.
And which was the one that you put the mud in?
Because I have no idea for which purpose is used because it's a hidden.
Also, I have really no idea.
And basically my grandpa watched this type of bag and for dry in the sun.
And then I'm just going to use it.
Nobody anything and then just bring and go.
So where did you run with it?
Where did you take it?
Is near is like a number home, like a friend house.
And like, OK, friends, let's go, go out.
And then is a different is in our village is a big tree like and I just like a climb the tree and to put in like a thrown the leaf and put in this bag.
Yeah, I'm naughty, too much naughty.
Can you tell me a bit more about about doing that going up the tree and how did it make you feel doing that?
Can you remember?
Yeah, I feel happy.
No tension, no anybody.
And I always my mom is shouting and you are not child.
It's not good.
And if you climb a tree, it's maybe sub trees broken and you fell down and maybe hurting you.
But mom, no, no, no, it's OK.
I'm not laid on and then.
Yeah, because is a pocket bag looking so nice, so beautiful.
It's a very attractive me.
Yeah, I'm always a grandpa, a homie, like a prank and then go.
Yeah, so there's lots of nice looking things.
Yeah, looking is too much attraction to me.
Yeah.
So you wanted to take it and go off.
Yeah, that's really wonderful.
Thank you.
Is that everything from Sinfangins or is there more to tell?
I think so.
This one.
Is there anything else you want to tell us about the pocket bag?
Yeah, tell us.
So.
Actually, it's a clocked bag.
It's a clocked bag.
Yeah.
It's here now.
It's a tote bag.
Yes.
It's from the leather.
It's a clocked bag.
Yeah.
Handmade.
So that's the one your grandma had.
Yeah.
Yeah, because my grandma is free every time and she's doing something.
It's like a embroidery and made up like a hand pocket.
Yeah.
Great.
It's like a sweater.
It's handmade.
And every time she's doing, my grandma is feeling bored and then she's doing.
So she made things because she was bored.
Crochets.
Yeah, crochet.
Was the bag crocheted?
No, nothing like crochet.
Crochet, crochet like shirts, sweaters in a winter gift.
And when winter is coming and my grandpa is like a crochet made a sweaters, handmade sweaters.
And then knitting.
Sorry, knitting.
And knitting a sweaters and everything.
Yeah.
And then the cap is gloves and the sweater is a baby shoes, handmade baby's gloves, baby's
sweater, baby's proper suit.
Yeah.
So she would make all of those things.
When you were younger and you saw your grandma making things, what did you think?
What did you feel?
Can you remember?
Yeah, I'm always like I have a lot of cousins and always fighting.
When winter is coming and my grandpa knitting like some bodies is a sweaters, is a gloves,
cap and everything and every cousin.
Please grandma, now is our turn.
You ready for me and you ready for me.
And then my grandma always, okay, okay, okay.
I do this.
At that time, my grandpa made his son a knot for our, yeah.
Can you repeat the last bit?
He saw a son like a knot for me, a knot for cousin.
What was knot for your cousin?
Because we are always fighting and my grandpa, if she made for me and another cousins maybe
feel racist for me and so.
So because you were fighting all the time.
Yeah.
He said no one has anything.
When winter is coming, it's six months like my mom is sitting in a bed and then he's a
lot of different color is like a crochet and knitting the sweaters and gloves, cap and
everything is made in handmade.
And then me and my other cousins, my grandma, please.
Grandma made for me cap or gloves and everything.
And my grandma is a smiley face.
Okay, my daughter, I do this.
I do.
And at that time when everything is ready and she's not give us and she's a gifting for
another lady, maybe as my mom and my aunties and maybe as my uncles and we are just grandma.
You are lying.
My grandpa.
No, no, no.
Maybe it's a you are a lot and maybe I give you and you and maybe another cousin's thoughts
is a grandma is a racing.
Every year, my grandpa made a different things.
But she gives one thing is every family members.
Yeah.
One thing is give my mom and then give things is my aunties, uncles.
And what did it feel like to get?
Yeah, I feel happy.
What made you feel happy?
Do you know why?
Made you feel happy?
Yeah, because we saw them in our eyes.
My grandpa when his meeting is a very smiley face and he's a very hardworking for me because
I see this is a very like a conscience and then is a pick the different color.
It's designing.
It's very hard.
And when when she's then it's ready.
It's a sweater, gloves, a cap.
So look up beautiful.
It's amazing.
And everyone is cautious.
What is that?
Is that what is that?
Is that and after completing it was all that's nice.
Yeah.
That's really nice.
Thank you.
That's really good.
Thanks.
What was your favorite thing to get?
Was it hat, gloves, junk?
Hat.
My favorite thing is a hat because it's a use it's a different things, different designs,
different colors, multicolors.
I love multicolors.
Yeah.
My mom is like it's a very safe place when most of things I have in back home because
my mom always said I give to you as your marriage ceremony as a marriage gift.
But my mom not give me because my mom thought and you not like a safe things and it's a
safe things in my mom house.
So to keep things safe there.
Yeah.
It's a safe like most is a precious things is a safe and most of time is a own wedding.
Mother give their daughters.
Yeah.
But my mom's things I am not more mature and maybe I'm not safe this thing because it's
a very important thing.
It's a special thing.
It's not made every time and more and more because it's taking a lot of time.
Yeah.
It's safe keeping.
So your grandmother made it for her but mom has kept some for her kids from her grandma
as a safe keeping gift.
Yeah.
My grandma knitting you know I'm saying every year my grandpa knitting something new for
our family members and every year my grandma knitting something something new like sometimes
it's a sweater, cap, gloves, it's a shoes, baby shoes and baby frocks and my mom is a
safe and when I'm child I'm not saying no.
Mom please give me and my mom said no you are not and maybe you are distraught and maybe
it's like enough I think so maybe I'm not keep safe and maybe it's like a distraught
and everything and my mom's safe and then she said when you are younger when you got
married when you have a child I give to you and maybe you use as your child your babies.
Yeah.
Okay.
Thank you so much for repeating.
Thank you.
Okay so that's it for St. Fagans.
Yeah.
We've been going for almost an hour.
I thought maybe you'd like a little break.
Yeah.
Okay.